hello again youtubers in Beybladers 24/7
here again for beyblades 24/7 then our
beyblade unboxing video brought to you
by toy game Emporium calm praised
unboxing we have a new line of XTS BAE's
today I have the stealth battler of
kerbecs blade blast it is x - 2 0 1 give
you a close-up look here you start off
with the blades inside and then
throughout the course of battle
it has explosive battle action where the
blades whip out and provide extra blast
of energy or whatever you want to say
there's also a pegasus jumper and a
tempo hammer hit I have those on the way
I'll be doing boxing for those as well
and try to do some battles with these
guys as well not sure how well they work
exactly but it's a new gimmick he's
actually retail so I've only seen at
Toys R Us so far and they're $12.99
so they're basically about the same
price of the optronic battlers i don't
know if they're really worth any more
than the regular beyblades cuz i'm look
they have though metal color i don't
think there's actually metal in a mill
so videos is just you know a chunk of
plastic i have the regular beyblade you
can customize and has the more intricate
pieces than that but let's open up and
take a look and at the end I'll cut out
and shape back in and just do a like
spin test whatever and see how performs
in a BB 10 attack type stadium and I
also found a new state a new stadium box
set called a halfpipe I'll be doing an
unboxing for that with the next couple
days as well and hopefully one of these
days I get some battles made - so here's
the launcher as for the rip cord is
actually curled up more than usual more
than I'm used to seen anyway it's
actually fully gonna double and serviced
in half so oh well
so generic mantra that we see all the
time basically I'm actually a nappy
knees this one's gonna put in there so I
know what it goes with obviously this
would be a good one to do the water
trick with where you can straighten them
out with using hot warm water I mean
what hot and cold water excuse me so
looks like actually metal part does look
like it's metal still that's a good sign
as far as the quality of this BAE
there's still code on here and go to BAE
battles comm I believe if you go there
and enter the code stealth you get like
a two week free trial right now pay me
watch this that may not be an effect
anymore but there's a commercial for
these guys and I think it says if you
enter the cold stealth to get a tweak
free try out work I think you can use
any bays and any pieces in that on the
online game so looks like that's there's
not multiple arcgis show it looks like
perhaps to the course the battle that
tip maybe changes and that's what causes
the blades to enter her to open up see
what duck instructions here safe it's a
dead end special just that weapon push
wins into they lock in place and color
blocks turn blue so you can see there's
some blue on there if you push them in
the blue goes in there so instead of
being orange it's blue and it will lock
in if you push it all away and then just
shows you how to launch it see it says
when the top collides color block
changes to orange and the wings deploy
five reset in battle again so I guess
first decent collision it gets it should
deploy them so let's just try cooking
these in here then I'm guessing if one
of these gets hit yeah so Folies gets
hit ah enough it basically unlocks it so
the video will now fade out I'll get
this damn set up and we'll show you it
looks in battle alright grab a be tennis
teams here setup that's got a Conor
Leone here hopefully that will do the
trick on actually making the corrects
playblast the koi is Wayne's here I'll
try it without a point and first see if
it does anything by default or gonna say
doctor's watchman so here is the corvex
black
kerbecs blade blast and then Connor Lyon
winds lashed out but what I noticed
watching seals as well that their Quebec
splayed basket sig once the blades
deploy he basically just moves all all
his balance and he stops spinning you
really quickly let's try that once more
here it's kind of like having trouble
put it on the launcher without actually
activating him so that turn I just
naturally push in on the little levers
that deploy the wings anyway kerbecs
blade blasts and Connor Lyon oh there
goes totally not a stadium but deployed
his wings I guess see without any of our
contact how quickly he gets lopsided and
also we all stopped spinning basically
one tip that balloons are deployed and
his balance is completely gone you can
see there he lasts a very short while
after his weapons are deployed so he's
from the stealth feathers probably not
the best option I obviously I've been
test off the air ones yet get a full
feel on how they all work out but
doesn't seem like this one was gonna
last very long in any battles so anyways
that's our high hands-on look at the new
stealth battler of kerbecs blade blasts
x201 if you've already done so please
subscribe you can then get email alerts
for a future unboxings battles and more
here on beyblade 24/7 gets a big thumbs
up for a great unboxing and review of
Quebec's blade blast checkout toilet
gear important calm and our amazon store
for your Beyblade and other toy and
gaming needs I think all for watching
and I'll see you all next video